Added readmes for all things (#79)
eclipse-thingweb/test-things: things/data-schema-thing/README.md

# Data Schema Thing

A test thing for validating various data schemas and property types in the Eclipse Thingweb Test Things project.

## Description

This thing provides a variety of properties and actions to test different data types, including boolean, integer, number, string, array, and object. It is useful for validating schema handling and interoperability.

## Features

-   Properties for all major JSON data types
-   Actions with various input/output combinations
-   Events for property changes
-   HTTP protocol implementation

## Protocol Support

-   HTTP

## Programming Language and Framework

-   **Language**: TypeScript
-   **Framework**: node-wot

## Usage

> The data schema thing exposes properties, actions, and events for testing schema compliance. See the [Thing Description](http://plugfest.thingweb.io/http-data-schema-thing) for details on endpoints and data formats. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data schema thing exposes properties, actions, and events for testing schema compliance. See the [Thing Description](https://github.com/eclipse-thingweb/test-things/blob/main/things/data-schema-thing/http/ts/http-data-schema-thing.td.json) for details on endpoints and data formats. 
```
